[MUSIC PLAYING]
New Life Church?
We back up in this thing.
12th man.
-(SINGING) So we
put our hands up.
-Here we go, back to the grind.
2014 NFL Super Bowl champs.
-(SINGING) So we
put our hands up.
-(RAPPING) Here we go.
Got a little taste of the glory.
Got a little taste
of the spotlight.
New York City, it was all right.
43-8, it was our night.
The #1 defense held tight.
Boom, like a
heavyweight prize fight.
Russell and the
offense took flight.
Gatorade bath in the limelight.
Here we go.
OK, what's next?
We got our brains,
no need to flex.
We got our belt, no
discount double check.
We know who is the best.
We know that we got a
target square on our backs.
Every single other team coming
straight for the champs.
-(SINGING) Here we go.
Here we go.
Back up in this thing.
Your Seattle Seahawks are
bringing back another ring.
Here we go, and you know,
how we gonna do this thing,
'cause the NFL ain't seen
nothing like this dynasty.
-(RAPPING) Here we
go back to the grind.
Because we know what
it takes to shine.
We got more than just
pride on the line.
We got hardware on our minds.
We're gonna lift
that trophy high.
We're gonna watch
12th banner fly.
See the hunger in our eyes.
Hawk nation on the rise.
-(RAPPING) The whole NFL getting
on all kinds of [? firsties, ?]
so get out your skittles,
and put on your jersey,
and cheer for the beast
mode and Russell
and Percy.
The legend of boom got
'em begging for mercy.
They don't want to get dirty.
Hard work got 'em
dropping like scurvy.
They know the river of
beating when Thomas and Chancelor
they come over the
middle to meet 'em.
Oh, oh please don't hurt me.
Gonna make 'em retire early.
These other NFL teams
are not worthy to stand
in the shadow of
Sherman's jersey.
-(SINGING) Here we go.
Here we go.
Back up in this thing.
Your Seattle Seahawks are
bringing back another ring.
Here we go, and you know,
how we gonna do this thing,
'cause the NFL ain't seen
nothing like this dynasty.
Here we go.
Back up in this thing.
Your Seattle Seahawks are
bringing back another ring.
Here we go, and you know,
how we gonna do this thing,
'cause the NFL ain't seen
nothing like this dynasty.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- (SINGING) And so
we put our hands--
[MUSIC PLAYING]